# timeout

run a command with a time limit

- 注意：在使用 `nohup timeout xxx &` 中会导致传递信号失败

```sh
timeout [OPTION] DURATION COMMAND [ARG]...
timeout [OPTION]

timeout -k 10 100s CMD # 进程 100s 之后退出（TERM 信号），若 100s 后未退出，则再 10s 后发送 KILL 信号强制退出
```

在脚本中用 timeout 的时候，发现 timeout 命令行关闭后，timeout 命令就失效了，可以用如下方式解决：

```sh
( timeout -k 10 $timeDur recringing.py $filter ) >> esl-python.log 2>&1 &
disown # 将 jobs 从当前 shell 中分离出去
```

DESCRIPTION
       Start COMMAND, and kill it if still running after DURATION.

       Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.

       --preserve-status

              exit with the same status as COMMAND, even when the

              command times out

       --foreground

              when not running timeout directly from a shell prompt,

              allow COMMAND to read from the TTY and get TTY signals; in this mode, children of COMMAND will not be timed out

       -k, --kill-after=DURATION

              also send a KILL signal if COMMAND is still running

              this long after the initial signal was sent

       -s, --signal=SIGNAL

              specify the signal to be sent on timeout;

              SIGNAL may be a name like 'HUP' or a number; see 'kill -l' for a list of signals

       -v, --verbose
              diagnose to stderr any signal sent upon timeout

       --help display this help and exit

       --version
              output version information and exit

       DURATION is a floating point number with an optional suffix: 's' for seconds (the default), 'm' for minutes, 'h' for hours or 'd' for days.  A duration of 0 disables the associated timeout.

       If  the  command times out, and --preserve-status is not set, then exit with status 124.  Otherwise, exit with the status of COMMAND.  If no signal is specified, send the TERM signal upon timeout.  The TERM signal kills any
       process that does not block or catch that signal.  It may be necessary to use the KILL (9) signal, since this signal cannot be caught, in which case the exit status is 128+9 rather than 124.
